Language around fonts (#9008)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/learn/accessibility/typography/index.md

Open source typeface collections like [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com) can
aid you in selecting the most inclusive typeface for your next design.

> If you use Adobe products, you can embed accessible font families from partnering
> foundry collections directly into your design&mdash;this includes select

Author: ```suggestion
If you use Adobe products, you can embed accessible font families from foundry
partners directly into your designs&mdash;this includes select
```
